in this video I'm going to go over the
two different types of batteries that
are inside these spy watches how to
replace them and also how to swap out
the internal micro SD card this
procedure will work for virtually any
spy watch you might own one of the first
things to fail on these watches is the
clock battery if you notice the clock
hands are no longer working on your
watch as you can see the second hand is
Nieman's ticking anymore the very first
thing you should check in the simplest
is make sure this setting knob is
punched in all the way you press it in
and the watch will start ticking again
now if that isn't the issue you need to
pop the back cover off and I'm going to
show you how to do that it's going to
work for any other virtually any other
spy watch that you own so just pay
attention to the video we're going to
cover the two different types of
batteries that you'll find and each one
of these spy watches and how to replace
them okay first of all you're gonna want
to put some kind of cloth down on your
table because you're gonna be flipping
this over and you don't want to be
scratching that nice glass face the next
thing you're going to need is a flat tip
screwdriver what I had to actually do is
I had to sand the tip down with
sandpaper to actually make it thin
enough because it needs to fit right in
that tiny slot right there so you just
grab some 60 grit put this on a table
and just drag this across at multiple
times and that will sand it down to a
fine point yeah you might have to
destroy a screwdriver in order to do
this but once you have this tool made
you can replace the battery anytime you
want the next step is to locate this
tiny little notch that's back here
hopefully it's in a place that's
convenient for you but you want to make
sure the screwdriver fits in there and
it has some grab and you know you'll
know it I'm going to be pushing in this
way on it and then we're going to turn
it that way okay so we're going to hold
pressure in and then turn just to pop it
off just like that now sometimes it
might be harder to remove than that
sometimes it's easier once you pop it
off you can see it reveals first of all
this lithium polymer battery here this
is a tiny lipo one cell battery and so
it's basically a three point seven volt
battery this battery powers the camera
it does not power the hands on the face
of the clock okay there's a separate
battery for that now if you ever need to
replace this battery you need a very
small soldering iron now I'm not going
to cover replacing this battery because
that's a little bit more advanced so
what we're going to do is we're going to
get to the other battery right now for
the next step you're going to need a
really tiny phillips screwdriver this
set works really good they're really
small and they get the job done
usually these watches have two screws
right here and right here which hold the
circuit board in so we're just going to
unscrew both of these now to get this
circuit board out um it takes a little
bit of trial and error just use the tip
of your screwdriver you can also use the
you can also use the flat one that you
just made and if you can get behind the
circuit board it's always the best
sometimes you can maybe lift it up by
the by the by the SD slot sometimes it's
more difficult you just want to be
really careful how you pull this out
there you go looks like we're going to
go from this end and once I have it out
a little bit it feels like it's sticking
like maybe there's some tape on the back
of it there you go okay what I did okay
it was the USB port that was holding it
it was stuck right there so what I did
is I just I stuck the screwdriver in
there and I rotated to kind of push it
away and that helped it come out so I'm
just going to go over that okay now and
you see the camera is still wanting to
stay in there the camera lens so let's
go ahead and we're going to go ahead and
do this one without moving that lens
we're going to leave the lens right
where it's at but as you can see what
was holding the the circuit board up was
this protruding USB port right here okay
so just remember that when we go to put
it back in I'll show you how to get that
back in there okay now what we've
revealed here
this tiny little battery okay that
battery is known as a 377 or a 376
silver oxide battery it's supposed to be
one point five five volts and it looks
just like that now I'm going to replace
it with the Energizer battery because
the batteries that come from China are
probably not energizer and that's why
the hand stops so easily sometimes now
in order to get this out of here again I
haven't done one of these let me see if
I can get it in one shot
oh look at that now sometimes they have
a little clip that holds them in there
so they sometimes you have to fight with
them a little bit sometimes they have
tape over them Chinese manufacturers put
these in here in so many different ways
this one came out extremely easily now
let's put it on the voltmeter and see
how many volts it is okay just using a
craftsman voltmeter here let's see what
we're reading so this one is reading one
point four seven volts okay so that's
plenty good enough um a lot of times
when they're brand new they might read
like one point six volts or one point
seven but this one is totally well
within range so I'm going to go ahead
and reinstall this one now once the
batteries out real quick you'll notice
that the analog clock has stopped okay
so let's go ahead and put it back in I
just push this back in sometimes there's
little tabs on each side you have to
kind of work around I have to get in
there with a screwdriver to kind of get
the tab back and then push it in you can
see that the second hand is still
ticking and then just reverse everything
now on this side over here this USB port
that was sticky coming out you want to
put that in first okay so try to try to
maneuver the the circuit board on the
edges don't try not to touch the face of
it where all the solder joints are okay
and just push it back in now one thing
you might notice right here is this as a
micro SD card
this is kind of hard to do filming and
doing this at the same time but there we
go this is just a regular standard micro
SD card okay and every single watch that
I have operated on just has a regular
micro SD card okay it's not even a
name-brand just says a SD under that
sticker this one happens to be 8
gigabyte so the circuit board is all the
way in so now once that's in let's go
ahead and put the screws back in very
gently cinch them down they're not
supposed to it's just supposed to keep
it from rattling in there that's it
that's all the tighter you need to put
it in alright then you can put the light
bulb battery back on top and when I put
this cover back on I like to kind of
line it up where I initially pulled it
up from so there's our tab right there
and I'm going to line it up with this
little scratch mark unfortunately when
you replace the battery it's really
difficult not to make a little scratch
right there on the case but hey okay
again this is where you definitely want
to be making sure you work on a towel or
something you can if your fingers are
strong enough just pick it up it did
take a little bit of pressure to get
that cover back on but no the covers on
and what you can do is you can put it on
a hard work bench and then just really
apply some pressure to put that back on
there
if they're interested in purchasing any
of this style of watch go ahead and
click on the link underneath the video
and you'll be taken to my spy watch
store